Dynamo Kazan is one of the few teams in
this season and the western world with exact
groups which can make
Moscow Dynamo competition
a few questions we asked the main
team coach Andrei astapov and not 1
hello this is a special team
came up
thank you forbidden art that we
we can leave the competition
this year and
I would like to compete only
Affairs of Moscow and in general
many clubs
in our championship team
with nice mood
Russia came here Makukha probably not
went for a long time here are preparing
Moscow purchase
we have only one problem
14 players
only year
didn't do very well in
off-season
conducted breeding work
many what else we will spray this position
running championship
that is, there are still some plans of some kind
which package is attractive
but we have a desire to attract
some players work in this
direction we are negotiating that is
ashinsky world cameras
and make of us in Russia so
I hope that he will change something
man started the championship
take not four steps but go
in this before this season yes and in
the ideal of two films
which is better two three or four members
in fact yes
until the truth
for the purchase of two films justifies
myself
very good guys they are talented have
true professional and level
mastery of them
very weighty therefore we are very satisfied
in the game we will work as a supplier
it is a pity that this level of skill
finland poland churches
the owners would have won only filters
t accordingly famous which
so waited in russia hope failed
no i wouldn't want to talk about it
the basis was taken for the first time bronze
medals cause the whole brain one of
major players so what
despite the fact that there is no justified hope
I would not like to talk about it and you
touched on topics that took bronze
medals it opens up in a few years
please tell me after this relationship
Although the ball in Kazan somehow changed in
the best
the fact that the relationship has not deteriorated if something
then surely it already pleases interest
all and
after all there are interests
added on the podium
I hope that this year
there the trend will continue and
interest will be even greater
the crisis that started including
me
they rise significantly in the country
yes no one team closes drum
team like a financial point
of view
but we have such small problems
of course
he is in a stable situation
for from now on
there are some contractual nuances
u guys but i hope we have
guided by all payments adriano
undertake to do it before
season
let's start talking about the tasks there are some
it is probably not lower than the third in some places
exactly given nak for the first guests barats
There is no need to fight the highest places in
any team any
in any sport so to say that
we
we will fight and win some not
gold medals like what
no coach will say 0 will fight
today you have already seen yes dynamo
Moscow
she is on track there and weaknesses
but any team has weak points
more now the beginning of the season the first games i
showing
if you are a place i would just like
here and now went to Moscow to lay out and
speak up before the season
take a closer look at the season
all the same there is a team
problems appeared cynic dynamo with
by transfer
Motherland of Kirov
everyone has a season start 4 people come out
the boxes
Many teams length Moscow too
such was missed
but definitely not going
Pervomaisk elder your relationship to
that the books of the world hockey championship
this year how can this be reflected
community though she is
development
on Wednesday there is nothing wrong
yet this is not all of the economic
situations it seems
conduct spend
for the world championship in subgroup b
I know
he will have such places of the World Cup
bootkita tournament and other korea
Finland is planning a tournament
him building Soviet Russia
there was nothing terrible
practice to hold the world championship one
once every two years nothing problematic
below
such will not lose in this
well no
and 7 more she reads contacted